c:\users\ubuntu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\bin\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.exe.config
c:\users\ubuntu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\bin\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.exe
c:\users\ubuntu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\bin\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.pdb
c:\users\ubuntu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ubuntu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.frmMain.resources
c:\users\ubuntu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.GiaoVien.resources
c:\users\ubuntu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.Help.resources
c:\users\ubuntu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.HocSinh.resources
c:\users\ubuntu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ubuntu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ubuntu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.exe
c:\users\ubuntu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\GitHub\Data\Project 2\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\bin\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.exe.config
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\GitHub\Data\Project 2\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.exe
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\GitHub\Data\Project 2\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\GitHub\Data\Project 2\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\bin\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.exe
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\GitHub\Data\Project 2\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\bin\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\GitHub\Data\Project 2\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\GitHub\Data\Project 2\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\GitHub\Data\Project 2\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.GiaoVien.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\GitHub\Data\Project 2\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.Help.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\GitHub\Data\Project 2\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.HocSinh.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\GitHub\Data\Project 2\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\GitHub\Data\Project 2\QUANLY_HS_GV\QUANLY_HS_GV\obj\Debug\QUANLY_HS_GV.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
